Do you want to come?
The Street Fighter Club is powerful
ruthless
Are you going to die?
No one in this world can do anything to me
Then you go and die
Let's go
This loser is really dying
For the sake of saving me once before
Return the favor.
What's the matter I want you to do me a favor
I promise you to marry Mr. Sun
Really? What are you busy with?
I have a friend who has a conflict with Zhao Tianlong
I want you to help me show up
Okay, as long as you are willing to marry into the Sun family
I helped with this.
Is there any news from Dad's scorpion?
Wang Da didn't answer the phone
Come back and I will chop him up
You're going to chop him up, right? I'll bring you people